# Fantastic-Object
Acknowledging all of the processed foods and the typical ways of unhealthy indulgent within the United States, it's no surprise that one in ten Americans have a form of diabetes. Even worse, one in three Americans- an incredible 88 million adults- have pre-diabetes, or at extreme risk of developing diabetes. Therefore, assuming I am not limited by time, technology, or money, I would like to invent a revolutionary gadget that would allow access for those with and at risk for diabetes the least invasive blood glucose monitoring system.   

With a small but attractive stature, this monitoring system would take form as a wearable ring on the left thumb. It would contain a small built-in screen for easy monitoring, with bluetooth as well as app capability for optimal usage. The application, which could readily be downloaded from any app store, will constantly soft-track the user's glucose levels, sending alerts to the user and reports of unusual spiking to their physicians. The prime technology that would make this all possible is a non-invasive, optical sensor-based system surrounding the inside walls of the ring. Unlike traditional blood glucose monitoring systems that require a prick of the finger to track glucose levels, this system would use photoplethysmographic biosensors to detect blood volume changes on the skin surface level. The ring itself will have no charging ports and will come with a 10W wireless charging dock, making the ring resistant to weather, sweat, sebum, and dead skin buildup.   
Traditional blood glucose monitoring systems also require single-use diabetes test strips in order to function properly. With my invention, the disposable test strips will no longer be necessary, saving the user money and time as well as reducing unnecessary waste. Additionally with a non-invasive system, virtually no blood is drawn. This means hemophiliacs, hemophobic users, and others with blood coagulation disorders/conditions will no longer suffer from testing with the outdated systems. 
